61188: Added info to hot spares section on how to add spare devices. (#627)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

%brand%, hot spare actions are implemented by
`zfsd(8) <https://www.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=zfsd>`__.

Add a spare by going to
:menuselection:`Storage --> Volume Manager`.

> Select the volume to extend from the :guilabel:`Volume to extend` drop

Author: ```suggestion
Select the volume to extend from the :guilabel:`Volume to extend` drop-
```

> down. Choose a disk from the list of :guilabel:`Available disks` and

Reviewer: Check the docteam guide, I think we use "drop-down", but verify.

> click **+** to add that disk to the volume. Select :literal:`spare` in

Reviewer: GUI element should be marked up that way, and contents of fields are in single stars:
```suggestion
click :guilabel:`+` to add that disk to the volume. Select *spare* in
```

> the :guilabel:`Volume layout` drop down. Click :guilabel:`Extend Volume`

Author: ```suggestion
the :guilabel:`Volume layout` drop-down. Click :guilabel:`Extend Volume`
```

> to add the hot spare to the selected volume.

Author: ```suggestion
to add the hot spare.
```

> to finalize the process of adding a hot spare to the selected volume.

Author: ```suggestion
to add the hot spare to the selected volume.
```

Reviewer: Oops, was missing a word, meant to say "to add the hot spare."  I think context makes it unnecessary to repeat "to the selected volume".

> to finalize the process of adding a hot spare to the selected volume.

Reviewer: Wordy...
```suggestion
to the hot spare.
```
